+++
title = '22 years'
date = 2024-11-04T18:17:34Z
draft = true
+++

22 is a weird age. My life is self directed again, this time with a million options.

It is as important as eighteen. Three years ago I left school to do a "degree apprenticeship", working four days and studying for one. I didn't expect to start a corporate job so soon but it felt and was right. I've now graduated, still working at a consultancy, but it's time to think what's next as my contract's renewal is coming and what's next and best for me.

Twenty-one was different. Between 18 and 20, I felt like I was stagnant. Not really doing much, definitely not doing enough. It feels like a blur, I don't regret it I still accomplished my goals and it was my more sociable years but I could've always done better, done more. But 21 was when things started to change. Finally started working on myself and my skills - though 21 is just the start.
I still have a long list of what I want to learn but the main change has been focus, instead of learning ten at once it's one.

This past year's been full of new stuff. Made a twitter account (thank you [@jxnlco](https://x.com/jxnlco)) and had more insight of different lines of work that I didn't consider such as consulting/contracting etc.

Started doing things I should've done before. Started to look after my health after I went to a physiotherapist and she said my wrist mobility is awful, 
despite the pains, it wasn't that bad. I'm grateful to be able to improve them before losing my hands it all makes a massive impact on the quality of life.   

None of these things are that impressive on their own. But looking back at where I was and where I am now - it's not exactly where I want to be yet, but at least I'm heading somewhere. That's more than I could say a year ago.

# new year, new paths
I want to explore more, do more, output more. For this year I've created a list
- Explore more opportunities 
- Study more
- Be consistent
- Start BJJ or similar
- Deliver more, post more